"My name is Maria Seta, I'm 30 years
old, and I'm a cancer survivor."
"I'm Katie Seta. I'm Maria's mom. She was 18 months old,"
"had a little bit of a cough, took her to the
doctor. He felt something"
"on her left side. So I had her back in
couple weeks later"
"and he sent me to Children's Hospital."
That same night, admitted her in the hospital. They said, 'Well, we suspect she's got cancer.' "
"Of course she did. They removed one of her kidneys two days later and"
"months and years of chemo and"
"radiation. Long hard journey."
"I had Wilms tumor, a tumor actually
grows"
"using your abdomen, tends to go toward your kidney."
"They found it at stage four, which it had already metastasized to my lungs and"
"my heart. Nowadays, I just know from being
a nurse here,"
"that it's a very high success rate. They
find it oftentimes in the womb."
"These babies get it removed right away. A very high success rate now."
"They don't find it in stage four very often." "I remember a particular nurse"
"name Kathy. She would sneak me cheese and crackers in the middle of the night. I just remember"
"like the really awesome nurses."
"I think that's part of what made me want to be a nurse here art Children's."
"It's really cool being full circle, being able
to help the kids"
"with cancer. I always say I have a soft spot for bald heads and chubby cheeks."
"You know, I just feel that every day is a gift. And you never know how fast it's going to be taken"
"away."
"I think that's really changed my life.
Makes me really appreciate"
"the people in my life and I always
wanna tell people love them."
"I know, you know, to have a healthy child
is such a blessing."
"Just to have a child that doesn't have a health problem. I always said I want a girl, I want a girl. I don't want"
"a boy."
"But just- if I have a healthy baby, I think that's going to be most important."